The Super Soaker Oozinator…
Published on May 01, 2006.
I remember when I was a kid, I could not get enough Super Soaker action.
I wanted the one where it was just backpack of pure water (which probably left most kids over encumbered)!
Enter the Super Soaker Oozinator!
Here’s a highly suggestive commercial for it:
Unbeknownst to many, the Super Soaker Oozinator has already been well tested in the adult film industry.
That’s right, the Super Soaker Oozinator produces money shots.
As an added bonus the guy even says “major pumping required” at the end of the commercial.
Major pumping, indeed…
When I saw this, I thought it was a joke!
But apparently it’s for sale on Amazon.com . Weird.